VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY
NON-COMMERCIAL SINGLE-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
FOR WFCCM SOFTWARE

NOTICE: This is a contract. It is our understanding that you represent a
non-profit, academic institution ("Recipient"). By installing this Software
Recipient accepts all the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

This Vanderbilt University ("Vanderbilt") Non-Commercial Single-User License
Agreement ("Agreement") accompanies the WFCCM, Weighted Flexible Compound
Covariate Method software product ("Software"). The term "Software" shall
include any upgrades, modified versions, updates, or documentation, as included
in the executable version of the Software, licensed to Recipient by Vanderbilt.
Please read this Agreement carefully. At the end you will be asked to accept
this Agreement, provide all pertinent institutional contact information, and be
permitted to download the Software. Or, if you do not wish to accept the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, you will not be permitted to download the
Software.

Upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Vanderbilt grants to Recipient, at no
cost, a nonexclusive license to use the Software, provided that Recipient
agrees to the following:

By agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, recipient represents
and warrants that it is a not-for-profit, academic enterprise. Further, the
individual signatory of this Agreement warrants that he/she is authorized by
his/her institution to execute this Agreement.

Permission is granted to recipient to use this software for noncommercial
educational and research purposes only without the right to copy, reproduce, or
distribute this software to others. This Agreement authorizes the recipient to
use the software on one single-user computer system. Permission to modify or
otherwise create derivative works of this software is not granted.

Recipient understands that no training, support, maintenance, or improvements
to the Software will be provided under this Agreement.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," BY VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY TO RECIPIENT
WITHOUT REPRESENTATION AS TO ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, AND WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. THE SOFTWARE IS NEITHER
GUARANTEED TO BE FREE OF BUGS, VIRUSES OR ERRORS NOR TO FUNCTION ON ANY
PARTICULAR COMPUTER/SOFTWARE PLATFORM. VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN OR IS HEREAFTER
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

The name of Vanderbilt University or any trademark, service mark, trade name or
symbol of Vanderbilt University is not to be used for any purpose.

The tradename WFCCM, Weighted Flexible Compound Covariate Method, the software
code, documentation, proprietary algorithms, and examples of use are the
property of Vanderbilt.

Recipient agrees to cite the Software if its use, in any form, leads to any
published work. Cite: Shyr, Yu and Gray, William.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Tennessee, U.S.A.,
excluding the application of its conflicts of law rules. This Agreement shall
not be governed by the United Nations convention on contracts for the
international sale of goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If
any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it shall not affect
the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and
enforceable according to its terms. You agree that the Software shall not be
shipped, transferred, or exported into any country or used in any manner
prohibited by the United States export administration act, or any other export
laws, restrictions or regulations. This Agreement shall automatically terminate
upon failure by you to comply with its terms and conditions, or for providing
false information. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an
authorized officer of Vanderbilt.

This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by recipient to
comply with its terms and conditions. Further, this Agreement may be revoked at
anytime by Vanderbilt University. Upon termination, recipient shall remove the
Software from any computer on which is resides and notify Vanderbilt University
that it has done so.

This Agreement shall only be considered effective upon complete and truthful
registration of the Registrant.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties as to the
subject matter hereof.
